# Data-Mining
Prediction of Portuguese students’ performance on mathematics class
Although the education levels in the Portuguese population has succeeded in improving in the last decades according to statistics, keep Portugal at the tail of the European continent that's due to the very high student failures, especially the classes of lack of success are the Portuguese language and mathematics. Also, they are extremely dangerous on the student levels. from that point the Data mining and business intelligence specialists tried to get their knowledge in that matter and get more valuable insights from data about students. The current work aims to approach students' progress in the schools of secondary education using business intelligence and data mining techniques. Moreover, data was collected the existed data in the data about everything related to the students about their progress in school and their family's status .and that data was collected by school questionnaires and students both main classes (Math and Portuguese language) were modeled by way of binary/five-level classification and regression techniques. Moreover, for data mining models like (Regression, SVM, neural networks, and Decision trees). Although student achievement is highly affected by past evaluations, an exploratory data analysis has revealed that there are also other some relevant features like (number of absences, parent’s job and education, alcohol consumption). As a direct result of that search, more efficient student prediction models can be developed, to improve the quality of education and enhance the resource management of the school.
